# EDA on AirBnb Bookings Analysis
### AirBnb Inc. is an American San Franscisco based company founded in 2008 by Brian Chesky, Nathan Blecharczyk and Joe Gebbia, operating on online Marketplace for short-term homestays and experiences. It is a worldwide recognized company for its user-friendly services. Guests and Hosts have used Airbnb to expand on travelling possibility and rental homes to present an unique and personalized way of experiencing the World. Data Analysis on millions of listings provided through AirBnb is crucial factor for the company. These millions of listings generate a lot of data that can be analysed and used for security, business decisions, understanding of customers' and providers' (hosts) behavior and performance on the platform, guiding marketing initiatives,implementation of innovative additional services and much more.

### For this project our team is analyzing Airbnb’s New York City data. New York is not only one of the the most famous city in the world but also top global destination for visitors drawn to its museums, entertainment and commerce (Main attraction is Statue of Liberty). According to the Office of New York State Comptroller, New York hosted 66.6 million visitors in 2019.

### Data analysis on thousands of listings provided through Airbnb is a crucial factor for the company. This dataset has around 49000 observations in it with 16 columns and it is a mix between categorical and numeric values. We will explore and visualize the dataset from Airbnb using basic exploratory data analysis(EDA). 

### Our team has analyzed this dataset using different different logics and aspects. After proper analysis we have come up with some interesting and usefull insights. This can help AirBnb in making strategies and decisions by the help of marketing team, finance team and technical team.
